I have something I think you're gonna
like what you know most of you know me
as a talk show host but I'm also a very
prolific producer they call me the black
Ryan Seacrest arena I'm always looking
for new ideas that I can turn into shows
and this one my brother Jonathan put
this together it stars my nephew Wesley
his son Wesley has been looking for love
for years now and he's been unable to
find it so far but tonight that changes
tonight everything changes for good
first came the bachelor then the
Bachelorette and now the baby bachelor
America meet Wesley
he's single he lives with his parents
and he takes great care of his body
I sat down to talk with Wesley about
love commitment and his future Wesley
are you ready to meet the woman of your
dreams yeah do you have a lot of dreams
what kind of dreams you have fire and
oak bed the bed turned around my bad
very good now go out there and find your
wife okay who will steal his heart
[Music]
I'm never looking for one
I was one of those don't you
I hope was it does affect my heart
and looking for sugar daddy
[Music]
some of the girls were more vulnerable
than others
[Music]
and one Bachelorette makes a strong
first impression hi I'm Ashley I'm 26
and I'm a dental hygienist
[Music]
I'm Ashley
I'd like to debate
[Music]
as the girls got to know each other one
of the littlest caused big big trouble
Frankie thing keeps going off Russian
train
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you god bless next time on the
baby bachelor Jessie stops playing nice
Bobby makes an astonishing confession
and Wesley makes his pick you have a
difficult decision to make
who will Wesley choose to stay and who
will go bye-bye
the baby's bachelor
join us for episode 2 of the baby bath
sometime
[Music]
[Applause]